[CAM-11510] Update EC2 instance role docs with support for custom cre… (#2808)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Data Center Edition/camdce-with-aws-master-account.md

**In this article:**

> - [Overview](#Overview)

Reviewer: Hey Rob, latest MD plugin creates the ToC links with Capital Case, but we need them to be lowercase for them to work with the CTL MD engine. Please, leave them in lowercase (ask Denes about how to downgrade the plugin, if you want). Also, use "*" as bullet points

- [Audience](#Audience)
- [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
- [Additional information](#Additional-information)
- [Create the Policy for the Master Account role](#Create-the-Policy-for-the-Master-Account-role)
- [Method 1: create the user and API credentials](#Method-1-create-the-user-and-API-credentials)
- [Method 2: create the EC2 Instance Role](#Method-2-create-the-EC2-Instance-Role)
- [Enable the Master Account on Cloud Application Manager](#Enable-the-Master-Account-on-Cloud-Application-Manager)
- [Create a Policy and Role for the managed account](#Create-a-Policy-and-Role-for-the-managed-account)
- [Create a Cloud Application Manager AWS Provider](#Create-a-Cloud-Application-Manager-AWS-Provider)

### Overview

> This article shows how to leverage a Master Account as the only authentication principal for AWS accounts in Cloud Application Manager Data Center Edition. Once this is enabled, AWS providers are identified only by a role ARN instead of by key and secret. It is then possible then to manage AWS accounts from Cloud Application Manager without creating account-specific credentials: AWS will authenticate only the master account, and grant privileges on the managed account based on the ARN role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article shows how to leverage a Master Account as the only authentication principal for AWS accounts in Cloud Application Manager Data Center Edition. Once this is enabled, AWS providers are identified only by a role ARN instead of by key and secret. It is then possible to manage AWS accounts from Cloud Application Manager without creating account-specific credentials: AWS will authenticate only the master account, and grant privileges on the managed account based on the ARN role. 
```

> There are two methods to achieve this: custom Master Account credentials and EC2 Instance Roles. In the former you specify the key and secret of an API-ready user of the master account. EC2 Instance Roles ease credential management and increase security for applications running in EC2 instances because AWS handles key expiration and renewal automatically. You can learn more about them in [the AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html).

Reviewer: It's best to create a couple of bullet points with the two different options

### Create a Policy and Role for the managed account

> The next step involes creating a Policy and Role that will grant access to AWS resources. For Cloud Application Manager instances running as EC2 AWS instances, this role can be located in the same account as instance or in a separate one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step involves creating a Policy and Role that will grant access to AWS resources. For a Cloud Application Manager appliance running as an EC2 AWS instance, this role can be located in the same account as the instance or in a separate one.
```
